it is another attempt to make good on a
campaign promise made years ago this is
my plan to meet a plan to cut carbon
pollution a plan to protect our country
from the impacts of climate change to
achieve this US President Barack Obama
says he will not approve the
controversial Keystone pipeline if it
will increase greenhouse gas emissions
it's a pipeline that would carry oil
from the Canadian tar sands of Alberta
all the way to the Gulf of Mexico Obama
is also directing the US environmental
protection agency to issue rules to cut
carbon pollution from power plants and
lead global efforts to work with growing
economies like China India and Brazil to
encourage greater use of natural gas and
nuclear power the Obama administration
also plans to coordinate with regional
US government's to prepare for the
impacts of climate change Obama says the
goal is to reduce you as carbon
emissions to seventeen percent below the
levels seen in the u.s. in 2005 so using
less dirty energy transitioning to
cleaner sources of energy wasting less
energy through our economy is where we
need to go but the proposals are already
getting pushback from Republicans
they're annoyed the president is using
executive orders to push his plans
through that means they don't require
congressional approval the storms the
droughts the flooding the heat waves the
impacts on people at a certain point
everybody no matter how conservative a
member of bubble of Congress is going to
start paying attention to that and right
now what Republicans are paying
attention to is America's bottom line
arguing the president's plans are too
expensive and will cost us jobs it is a
detail left out of the President's
speech which was short on specifics of
just how his climate change proposals
will be implemented he said those
details will be worked out in the coming
year with the goal of finalizing the
climate
plan by June of 2015 Kimberly Hellcat al
Jazeera Washington